Deprecate `QubitUnitary` as a valid input to `ControlledQubitUnitary` (#6840)
PennyLaneAI/pennylane: doc/development/deprecations.rst

  - Deprecated in v0.40
  - Removed in v0.41

* The ``QNode.get_best_method`` and ``QNode.best_method_str`` methods have been removed. 

>   Instead, use the ``qml.workflow.get_best_diff_method`` function. 

Author: Don't know why this happend. Will recover in next batch

Author: Completely ghosting... I couldn't see this change in my local diff

  - Deprecated in v0.40
  - Removed in v0.41

> * The ``QNode.get_best_method`` and ``QNode.best_method_str`` methods have been Controlled

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The ``QNode.get_best_method`` and ``QNode.best_method_str`` methods have been removed. 
  Instead, use the ``qml.workflow.get_best_diff_method`` function. 
```

Author: Yeah this place is ghosting since I could never saw this diff on my local. Let me try commit here and see what will happen
